Who are Tatyana & Antonina? The Odesa Sisters are a remarkable example of Ukrainian resiliency. Both are English language & literature multiple university degree holders & like many Ukrainians before the full scale invasion on 24/2/2022, had a good life [READ TO END1/6]
running their family business while also being stock managers of imported products. However, the moment their family, friends & colleagues volunteered to fight for Ukraine’s freedom, the Sisters decided to meet the sudden demand for military uniforms & protective gear 2/6
utilizing their professional & academic background. Many of you donated for those uniforms & gear which protected the brave soldiers. Now medics & wounded soldiers from near the front are calling them daily asking for these adaptive pants to ease even a fraction of the pain 3/6
the wounded & maimed are enduring. Tatyana talks with the soldiers daily to understand what they need in their recovery. The Sisters produce these pants with zero profit at the moment–in fact, they sometimes use their life savings to meet the unexpected increase in costs 4/6
because its more urgent to provide these basic amenities to the hospitalized defenders. The price for 1 set of 2 pants is equivalent to the price of 1 sold on Amazon. The Sisters use good quality Turkish fabric to lengthen the life of the pants. They deeply appreciate your 5/6
generosity & willingness to part with your hard earned money to help the wounded recover their strength & without exception thank each donor. Please kindly donate to support the Sisters support the wounded–they are real & honest. Your money will make a huge difference.[END6/6]
